Tallys Yunes is a tenured Associate Professor of Management Science at the Miami Herbert Business School. He holds a Ph.D. in Operations Research from Carnegie Mellon University, as well as B.S. and M.S. degrees in Computer Engineering and Computer Science from the University of Campinas (UNICAMP) in Brazil.

He has twenty-four refereed publications in the areas of constraint programming, integer programming, heuristics, and their integration into hybrid algorithms. His research focuses on modeling, computation, and practical applications, such as scheduling (sports, healthcare, workforce, machines), product line simplification, information layout, operations, and logistics in general. His practical experience includes participating in consulting projects with Burger King's supply chain management and distribution co-op, Deere & Co., Caterpillar Inc., and Major League Baseball.

His primary teaching responsibility at the Miami Herbert Business School is the core MBA course on prescriptive analytics, for which he has been selected by the students to receive the Excellence in Teaching Award nineteen times. In 2015, he received the Faculty Research Mentor of the Year Award for his work mentoring undergraduate business students. In 2017, the school's faculty awarded him an Excellence in Teaching Award in recognition of outstanding teaching contributions that go beyond the classroom.

Dr. Yunes was an Associate Editor for the INFORMS Journal on Computing from 2014 to 2018, and for International Transactions in Operational Research from 2012 to 2020. He has served on the program committees of the two main conferences on constraint programming and its hybrids, namely CP-AI-OR and CP, several times and was a member of the INFORMS Public Information Committee from 2011 to 2013. He helped organize the INFORMS Optimization Society conference in 2012 and the Mixed-Integer Programming (MIP) Workshop in 2016. Between January 2020 and May 2022, he volunteered as a member of the INFORMS K-through-12 Education Outreach subcommittee. At MHBS, he served as the academic director for the full-time and online MBA programs from 2018 to 2020, and has been the Ph.D. program coordinator for the Management Science department since June 2022.

Dr. Yunes's research and teaching activities have been featured in media and news outlets, such as: Scientific American, Florida Trend Magazine, Miami New Times, WAMC Northeast Public Radio, HPCwire, PhysOrg, and Orthopedics This Week. He was also selected by Poets & Quants as one of their "Favorite Professors of the MBA Class of 2019."
